It's impossible for a guy like Xiao Wuji
How could there be such a value as Wushuang Craft Brewing?
Liancheng's peerless wine
Brother Gu, what do you mean?
Xiao Wuji's unparalleled aging is real
Then your wine
Tell the truth
Is my wine fake?
You are the agent of Wuji in Beihai
high weight
Why lie to us?
I am not a friendship cheat
I think I haven't seen you in years
I thought
With unparalleled aging that others can't buy at all
To enhance our friendship with each other
However, matchless aging yields are extremely low
Even ordinary Dharma Protectors are hard to drink
So I suspect confusion.
Take such measures
I beg your pardon.
Brother Gu is serious
You did it out of kindness
Again
Since what you brought here is not Peerless Aging
But also top-notch beauty
Are we physical to blame again?
That is, everyone is not an outsider
Don't be so polite.
Since everyone is so upbeat
Then we won't bring it up again.
And then I made a public apology.
But little man
I want to ask
Where did your bottle of truly unparalleled aging come from?
Taken from home
Do you think this is soy sauce?
Take it directly from home
Junior high school said that the output of this unparalleled aging is particularly rare
How could you have it at home?